Added PyLint as a Base Checker and Updated Comments and Rules (#33)
exercism/python-analyzer: comments/pylint/refactor.md

# pylint refactor

**Line %{lineno}** [ _%{code}_ ]  :  %{message}.
 Was reported.

> This code is emitting a [`code smell`][code smell], and may be in need of
> a re-write or refactor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code is emitting a [`code smell`][code smell], and may be in need of
a rewrite or refactor.
```

Correction as suggested from The Collaborative International Dictionary of English, but WordNet acknowledges that `re-write` is also correct.  Not sure it needs to be corrected.  But.. is this file one of the ones are are doing "one sentence per line"?

Author: >  is this file one of the ones are are doing "one sentence per line"?
yes.  So thank you for catching that.  Although, this one matters a bit less than the website-copy versions, since these are used internally for testing/dev.

Reviewer: Still benefit from "less diff noise" when changes happen though.
